# String Exercise 26

Write a program for String Rotation and Anagram

**Open file named task26.js** and write a JS program to rotate a given String in specified direction by specified magnitude.  
After each rotation make a note of first character of the rotated String, After all rotation are performed the accumulated first character as noted previously will form another string, say FIRSTCHARSTRING.

Check If FIRSTCHARSTRING is an Anagram of any substring of the Original string.

If yes print "YES" otherwise "NO".

**Note**: An Anagram is a word formed by rearranging the letters of another, such as spar, formed from rasp.

Your function must take two string arguments: one, a string which is to be rotated and the second string denoting any number of rotations in a particular direction with specific magnitudes. The second string is in the form of : `X a X b X c ......`. Where X denotes the direction of rotataion which is either `L` or `R`. a,b,c... are integers which denotes the magnitude (not more than 9) of the direction which is in their left side.

For example, if these are the arguments : `("abcde","L 3 R 2 R 4")`
The ouput would be `YES`

Explanation:
Here, number of rotations are 3.  
After applying first rotation L 3, the string is:  
'deabc'. Here, the first character is 'd'  
After applying second rotation R 2, the string is:  
'bcdea'. Here, the first character is 'b'  
After applying third rotation R 4, the string is:  
'cdeab'. Here, the first character is 'c'

Thus, after all the rotations the FIRSTCHARSTRING string will be "dbc" which is an anagram of a sub string of original string "abcde".

Hint:

- Create a function with name and parameters
- Declare local variables and assign values
- Return the answer
- Export your function using below command :

```js
module.exports = YourFunctionName;
```